Add missing HTTP methods in APIRule UI (#815)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/2.1.1.md

## Bug fixes

> - APIRule access rules in the UI now support all valid HTTP methods for access strategy configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The UI of APIRule access rules now supports all valid HTTP methods for access strategy configuration.
```

> - APIRule in the UI now support all valid HTTP methods for CORS Allow Methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The APIRule UI now supports all valid HTTP methods for CORS Allow Methods.
```
